Xi Shao, what are you looking for?
Why did Xi Shao suddenly come back?
No, the more contact he has with Xia Zhu, the more dangerous I am
I have to figure something out.
Lily, I really can't lose this job
Ha Zhu
It's not impossible for me to let you go
I told you yesterday to give me a child to raise.
How do you think about it?
Impossible fool
Believe it or not, I have a way
Let your bunch of bastards come with you
Living on the street
Can you do it?
What are you doing?
Kneel down and apologize
Otherwise you will have no place on the river
I won't apologize.
I'm quitting next week
What do you want?
Now that I'm unemployed
Give me back that watch
The watch you stole
Pardon me?
I don't understand.
The hem and you still wear it.
Don't you usually like watches the most?
That watch must have been worth a lot of money back then
I happen to be unemployed
Is short of money to support children
Are you going to give me back what you stole from me?
early summer
I have already grown up with a lot of things today.
I don't care about you, get out
Don't bully my mommy
My mommy hurry up and get out
Why does this kid look like a thin tip?
A small hospital in the county seat a year ago
There are still your enemies
Your child was born
Stop
Xi Shao
Dad, save us
Is this the watch you just mentioned?